Questions to answer:

Does the project appear to meet the technical requirements? Write up one sentence on your findings and give a score 0-3. Yes, this project showcases a lot of features that meet the technical requirements of this project. (3)
Is your peer making API calls, using SDK's/third-party libraries? Yes, he makes API calls to Yelp

Is your peer making use of Services? If so, are they offloading long tasks to a separate thread, i.e. 
AsyncTask, Runnable, IntentService, etc. No

Is your peer making use of Fragments? If so, are they passing data from Fragment to Activity via interfaces? If not, why did absense of Fragments make sense? _Yes fragments are in use but he does not need to pass data with his fragments. _

Is your peer making use of RecyclerView? If so, does it appear to be working correctly ( implementation and otherwise )? Yes his recyclerview is working correctly (and looks very clean)

Is your peer making use of some sort of persistent storage, i.e. Firebase or SQLite? If so, why do you think Firebase/SQLite was chosen? Could they have used one or the other instead and why? Firebase is used in this app and to me I find it the easiest to use and the most effective so I'm glad that he chose to use it.

Does the project appear to be creative, innovative, and different from any competition? Write up one sentence on your findings and give a score 0-3. The idea is innovative and creative and the implementation meets the standards of material design. (2)
Is your peer making use of proper UX patterns we learned in class? If not, what are they doing that is unconvetional or that might confuse a user ( you )? The app is pretty straightforward so the UX is fairly intuitive.

Is your peer making anything cool or awesome that you would like to note or applaud them on? The bottom bar looks amazing and I admire your Yelp APIs and over design

Does the project appear to follow correct coding styles and best practices? Write up one sentence on your findings and give a score 0-3. Code is clean, commented, and easy to read (3)
Are you able to reasonably follow the code without having anyone answer your questions? Yes
Are you able to make sense of what the code is doing or is trying to do? Yes
4. Find two pieces of code of any size: one that is readable and easy to follow and one that is difficult to follow and understand.

What makes the readable code readable? Be as detailed as you can in your answer, it can be challenging to explain why something is easy to understand. _The entire MainActivity is clear and easy to read. The naming of the member variables and methods give the code a unique readability that makes it very simple to translate each line into a sentence. _

What makes the difficult code harder to follow? Be as detailed as you can in your answer. I couldn't find any code that I could not understand

High level project overview: Take a look at as many individual files as you have time for Does this class make sense? Yes Does the structure of the class make sense? Yes Is it clear what this class is supposed to do? Yes
Overall this project is impressive, I can see a lot people wanting to use it. Good job!
